Hello friends, today's blog will be about
how we can renew our bike insurance.
You can do renewal from many companies.  As
I would like to tell you through ICICI LB.
For this, first of all you have to write ICICI
Bike Insurance Renewal in the search bar.
You have to do it for renewal.
If you are renewing then there is
a separate option for new.  If you
do new then you will have to write new in the search bar.
Like if we had a renewal then we have to
write renewal.  Now what is here is that the
website of ICICI lb Insurance has opened.
Here you are asked for your vehicle number, registered
mobile number and email ID.
So you will fill all the things here.
Like you fill the details here.  You have to
click on get code.
After this it will redirect you
to a new web page.  Now after this you have to see
whether your details are matching or
not.  Like the bike I have is
matching.  When was my purchase date?
Whether I have taken any claim
or not, you get 50% of the previous NCB.
If you have not taken any claim
till now then my eligibility is
showing 50%.  Because it's been a
long time since I had my bike.  7 It has been eight years
and I have not yet taken any claim
of even ₹1.  For this reason, my NCB is
showing 50% and the policy which is ending on my account has already ended on
4th November.  Now as
my IDV is
showing 25,000 because my
registration is of 2017.  Here Pay IDV is
given to enhance it.  So here I will
enhance it till the last
limit.  IDV means Insured
Declared Value.  This means that
if your bike is stolen, the
maximum claim you will get is this and
your policy here will be
comprehensive.
You can see that under comprehensive, you will get these benefits
that under the benefit cover, you will get
on-damage.  Covers accidental damage to
your two wheeler.  If your two-wheeler meets with an
accident, it will be covered.  You will
get third party liability.  That means if
your bike causes an accident to someone in front of you, or if
any damage occurs,
that too will be covered and if your two-wheeler
bike gets stolen, you will get cover in that case too.
Now here
if I want to take a personal accident policy then I will
tick.  Otherwise I can untick it.
If you want IL Smart Assist, that is,
if you want roadside assistance, then
you will have to choose this.   If
I don't want it, I will untick it here.
So let me
review my policy once again.  Like
my plan is comprehensive.
Under comprehensive, I am getting third party
liability, own damage
and theft cover.  So the
policy that has come to me now will
be ₹772 i.e. ₹772 with GST and you will have to pay ₹91 i.e. ₹911
with GST.
I have opted for my ID Max.  Now
to buy the policy, you will have to
click on Buy Now here.  Now you will
come here to update KYC.
You have to click on Begin KYC Process.
Then after this, if you want to do it through Aadhaar, then you will have to
tick on Aadhaar and then
fill the Aadhaar number.  Then you have to click on the verify button.
You must have received the OTP on your Aadhaar registered mobile number.
After filling that OTP here, you have to
click on the confirm button.  Friend,
here you can cross check your details.
If you are this person yourself, then your
complete details appear here.  Data is fetched from Aadhaar.
You will come down by dragging it down.  Then after this you will have to click on the proceed button.
Friend, as soon as you
click on the proceed button, it
redirects to another new web page.
Here you can see the complete details of your KYC.
Now
you can cross check your bike number here.  You have
your engine number, you get to see it.
You get to see the chase number.
You can see the policy that was in place last year.  If everything
is fine, then after this you have to click on Proceed to Pay.
Friend, here
you can see math payment.  Lots of them.  Is.  There
is UPI, credit card,
debit card, net banking, wallets.  There
are many options.  Whatever your
payment method is, you can pay here.
Generate QR code.  You will click here.  The
QR code has been generated here.
Now you can open your UPI app.
And as soon as you open your UPI app,
you will see the QR code here to scan.  As soon as you make the
payment by filling the PIN through the UPI app,
your payment will be made here.  You
can cross check here.  Your
payment amount is showing ₹911.  I have entered
my UPI PIN here.
So friend, here you get to see the
message of payment received.  It is written here that
you will receive your policy on this
email ID within the next 30 minutes.
You will get the policy within 30 minutes.
But here you can see
that my policy will start on 5.11.225
and end on 4.11.226.  The
premium I paid was ₹911, that too
with GST.  If I
want to download my policy, then here I am
given the option of download policy,
you have to click on it.  So friend, here
I can see that
I have renewed my policy.  On which date did you do it?
You get to see from when to when.
Like it started on 5th of this month
and will run till 4th November 2026
and my bike model has arrived.  I have my bike
number, chassis number, engine number, NC
50%, all this has been seen.  Which
policy have you taken?
You get to see the comprehensive package and you
can see here what will be your policy number
in your policy,
I have not noticed this, the
name of the nominee is not there in the policy,
you can get it updated by asking the customer care,
by the way this is very most, if any
claim etc. has to be made then it is
very important to have a nominee, so you get it updated,
if it is not there then here
you get to see your chase number, engine number,
price breakup, you get to see
what details you have got in whatever you have taken.
You get to see what amount is there on it.  So thank you
friend for watching my channel.  Thank you.